he 's a name . he gots fans . the ladies love him . the writers will figure it . my question is , stein without ronnie ?
idk why you got downvoted . it 's an opinion thread . i upvoted you .
maybe diaz 's was standing on a lower step ? that scene has steps .
i married an angels fan . i 'm never hearing the end of it .
3 minutes at the school where i work , and there are no bells .
my answer was shake it off , but i 'm not even feeling guilty about loving i knew you were trouble . i 've probably played the drums to it a hundred times !
the triple down side - b or marth 's , where it has that blue sword that has is treated as a spike ? so much styling when a marth get 's a kill like that .
jesus , relax .
it was n't a dive . he stepped on dave 's foot as he slid across , and fell . not a foul , not a dive , should n't 've been a penalty .
he did n't mean it was a safety problem , just a nightmare for it he needs to put anything else in the wall or fix a faulty wire
raise your bortles !
shit , i would honestly be fine with them removing the t auto - sniper . i never really liked that thing anyways . auto never felt like a t side weapon to me , and it has really bad skins .
he 's a big guy
as a clg fan , lustboy 's twitter game made me not hate tsm
i really hate to break it to you , but not everyone knows everything about every game .
in the jungle xin is hard on trundle since he does a lot of mixed damage at early levels . most ad heavy jungles ca n't compete with the troll and his debuff .
if he can afford to p2w as hard as he does , hes not concerned about the money he makes from streaming .
they are soo good at stealth , are n't they ? they even took care of these minor details ! : d
forget gasoline , burn it with diesel . burns slower .
it 's a cartoon , but japanese .
they usually do n't , but this year they are .
yup . then people decided to live longer .
and there 's no way it comes out in 2015 . not unless they cut a lot of corners .
are you completely forgetting about ctf ? this gun is a god at locking down lanes .
seriously i do n't understand . it 's like he assumes everyone 's colliding in on him leaving a three open when they are n't . just take your open shot . jesus .
that kid sitting is most likely being a cry baby because that girl is talking to the other guys more than him .
before childish gambino makes it horizontal !
i think as long as you both are on board with everything and talk often about how things are then it has a really great chance of working .
yup . worst part is that she hates drinking , but she does it because of peer pressure .
which is what i mostly do , play games .
i 'm actually think this guy is just a comedy genius
you 're in offseason , if you workout while losing weight you wo n't lose much muscle then you can work on gaining muscle coming into and during the next season .
nothing morbidly beautiful about this it 's fucking tragic . if a family member of yours was gunned down in a fucking clown suit you wouldnt appreciate the morbid beauty .
he uses a mac . that 's not really high end .
though i 'd like the gba on 3ds as well , they are amazing on the wii u . pretty much the only games i play exclusively on the gamepad since it 's pretty much a giant gba .
he punched piccolo , which is close enough
labour seem pretty bland to me and i 'm a feminist . greens and snp are reeling our demographic in with their understanding of structural power .
no , just a man wearing part of a wedding dress with a creepy mask .
he did n't say which website . and i figured that since it has n't gone off for it yet , but it did n't go off for best buy or amazon either .
i 'll work on that ! thank you for your criticism : d
wait , you can know the id of a caller before you pick up your phone ? i heard some businesses can afford that service , but my local phone company does n't offer it yet .
i told them i preferred payment in bitcoin .
yeah i understand . i remember in the super bowl he was the only defensive player who came to play .
care to explain your thinking ?
if this politically motivated state 's attorney had not been strategically chosen to handle the case , there would have been not charges . these cops will be acquitted .
he also plays a great antagonist in prime evil .
thanks . i 'll try that after i finish my bottle of makers and black label . is it a clear thing ? that makes you lose weight .
sorry , next time i 'll make sure to mention every person i 've ever met when providing an example of a phenomenon on a reddit post .
if you do n't jump and compete . you ca n't tackle a man in the air . the ref was not right he just missed it .
between the build up and the leg break , 2 definitely got more attention .
think the final email count was around 600 and we are still prepping the mail blast to go out .
what does team record have to do with individual performance , not a fucking thing .
nor are they providing much in the way of basic necessities , from what i hear . i guess it 's easy though when you do n't believe in medicine , and that allah will provide what 's needed .
honestly , given how the jermaine jones team selection process worked , i 'd put nothing past the league .
classic blackhawks . play well until facing a team that has been playing like shit .
i have infrequently seen a wild , lone , coyote in my backyard over the last six months . he can definitely see me through the window , and when he does , takes off like a bat out of hell .
no , it 's fake as fuck . there 's no way bin laden could be dancing around and singing like that , his health was not good .
it is not stored as protein . what you are saying is a bit like saying buying a bunch of things and keeping them is the same as having a savings account .
they 're pretty tall so i 'd imagine the bumper of most cars take out their legs and they roll over top
if you want to claim that the bible is the ultimate truth , you kind of have to be a liar .
thanks , good point , edited how i misspoke .
unless the volunteer officer mistakes his gun for his taser .
it 's a number i had to memorize and type thousands of times as a kid ! why ? that 's a secret
you are an awesome person .
that 's good . if you ever want to talk about it , even if it 's not me , reddit should be willing to listen . you could even try a full - blown ama , if you 're open to the idea .
i am talking about the remake , great movie but i dare n't watch it again .
ah that makes sense . i 'm an idiot for not seeing that .
well it 's not like if the protest turns violent the police are just gonna call a timeout and go get their gear .
it 's super fun . there 's a lot of criticism about the game , but it 's absolutely worth playing , even if it 's just to walk around paris and explore the beautiful old buildings .
looking it up now . i 'm more concerned with comfort and safety than price .
if i catch it on i pretty much always watch it even though i have seen them all so many times . i love kevin james .
it can be one of two things . super fun to watch like right now or super frustrating to watch .
and it was actually me replying to myself - i put up the first post then thought i wonder if there 's anything online about this particular filming . and oh yes there was .
i have been begging for them to make a nxt dvd just do i can throw money at and support nxt .
dwight was hurt , kobe is old and hardly an all star , and pau was not the same pau he was when they won championships .
is there legit proof he did n't go to the moon ?
i 'd take the bucks . i 'd rather try to contain mcw than our bigs going up against wall nene and gortat . plus fuck paul pierce
mine is 900 on every car unless i set it myself manually in the wheel 's menu dude
why would they change lanes a dozen times and only use their blinker twice ? they 're morons .
i 'm not going to play the stats game with you , they are meaningless . if 1 student at virginia tech had a concealed lives could have been saved . got any stats to disprove that ?
in the uk the male version is ashley . the female version is spelt ashleigh . i guess not everyone knows about this atlantic divide !
my fingers are too damn stubby to do hook grip , the struggle is real .
i think you still need to add my friend code ? o . o sorry this is my first time doing this lol
these holocaust jokes are terrible anne frankly i ca n't stand them
unless it 's glass
remember , just few weeks ago some of your representatives went to their town and showed true class . maybe he has the right to be pissed . also , he 's right about your manager being a cunt .
i live in burbank , ca - i thought our rent was bad .
i 'm sorry , what ? how the hell does the fact that he 's gay come into how he chose to react to being arrested ?
that is actually possible , if you have ever seen someone get hit in the head they get a goose egg very fast .
i think he 'll be there in the 3rd , but hey , thats just my worthless opinion . i do like the hardy
yeah because he fed some certain ones fries and the others he did n't .
i agree it 's always my biggest argument in these situations that people who cry rape for regret or just to lie are the biggest threat to legitimate rape cases . .
thank you . haha it 's not very common but i have met 2 other girls with the same name here . so being born and raised abroad , would you say you feel more dutch or greek ?
very obvious sarcasm .
demon can just carve out that chunk of skin anyways right ?
the stormlight archive is amazing storytelling coupled with a great workout . reading that works out both mind and body !
will probably be doing a bit of both . thanks !
my point ? i wanted to know what they call themselves , just like my questions indicates .
i 'm in scotland , i imagine it 's the same as the rest of the uk but here it 's much easier to fail than it is to pass
says the cop looking for tons of free money .
if the case has 2 . 0 on the front , then you 'll use those , or use any usb port on the back of the computer .
wait when was this fixed ? sorry but since . 55 came out everytime my server resets tents reset . they fixed this ?
you 're a professional student ?
this . i 'm a huge guy and eat between 7 - 14 grams . i can eat it in the morning and have an hour nap , be high all day , and wake up the next day still stoned as fuck .
still , it 's money that can go somewhere other than the government 's pocket .
you 're right he does n't , hence my original comment . this is n't that hard or confusing man .
that song was made for a video like this .
it 's because the crust is basically deep fried in the pan . how can you go wrong with that ?
infrastructure is usually at a state level so it would n't change .
if monstercat keeps a record of that information , i 'll be pulling it from there . otherwise , there 's someone who brought up recording all of that info
i 'll be at saturday and sunday 's games . i think there 's going to be a meet up after the saturday game so when i get info i 'll post it .
yeah no kidding . geez .
i stopped playing my tier 5 tanks because of it . waiting 20 mins for an sb or rb battle
no . pilots can leave to stretch their legs , to get a drink etc . it is not uncommon for a pilot to leave the cockpit .
i 'd sleep better on a duck feather pillow for sure .
turn on airplane mode and then re enable wi - fi . this is n't a fix but a workaround
'cause we 'll probably be able to play the singleplayer early using a crack .
i 'm not your guy , bro .
they paint the fastest planes matte black . black has that stealth bomber pedigree , it has to be the fastest .
no problem ! have fun !
shooting a 5 inch nail through solid wood takes a lot of power . it will probably still fuck you up at 10ft .
that 's funny , i recall u . s . tax payers bailing chase out .
then you work somewhere else . it 's not like you have to go work for apple and facebook .
fear of a black planet is equally good i think , and maybe a little easier to listen to
oh yes . random little hairs that look out of place . yes . i will come home after work sometimes and see a eyebrow hair that looks weird and yank that sucker out .
yeahh i believe the same , i have faith in the roster !
classic mods .
i wanna know so bad , because the way you use it is gamebreaking : p
you do know that doom metal and all metal was influenced by black sabbath which were influenced by blues which is black music ?
which , in my opinion is stupid . ad companies should know this is a thing , and know its not really drumming up more ad rev .
it 's going to smell different than the vapor you get . i rarely have my box smell like iso after using it to clean my box and after that it smells like buildup .
used the app last night on my ipad . slick ! now i 'm trying to transfer the barcode to my android phone . so far no luck . my wife has an iphone , so that 's another option .
southerner here . waffle house is an everyday thing , but cracker barrel is more sunday after church . i never saw a bob evans or ihop until i went away to college .
just wait until george p . bush comes online in a decade or two
frank is always making some kind of funny face in any scene where he is not talking .
he 's done some fucked up things but that was the worst thing yet . fuck you forever owens you rat bastard for yelling at precious jojo .
sure . but palestine needs to accept that nothing can change the past and quit firing rockets first .
although i prefer mac than windows , when it comes to gaming , i completely agree
it depends how they show up . the games that tsm played today were horrible . it looked nothing like how they performed in katowice or even the spring split .
can hs teachers get tenure ?
same here . it was a tough decision and i 've spent the past few days hoarding pictures of both pairs . the on feet photos of the mids won me over
is n't that james storm 's theme , or did they give him a sound - alike ?
oh ! i feel your pain ! just let yourself rest . the house can wait .
why do you have to flip a coin when you can just draw straws ?
i 'm sure they 'd say something about how it 's great that she has so many friends who help her out and how our hateful ways mean non - fats will be alone forever .
from what i 've found on the subject , twin studies show no obvious correlation because gender identity and dna so nature probably is n't the entire determining factor either .
i think they hired him to promote got . sellout !
i could never do it , i mean physically , i ca n't hold my breath that long but mentally going that far down without oxygen supply scares the shit out of me
ps3 copy of mass effect 2 comes with all the story dlc except arrival .
it 's a mess . if this is the direction that lfc is headed , it 's a mess . i think next year is his last chance . may be this summer , who knows with a good manager available .
press escape , go to achievements , tick the box for show in hud next to the ones you want to see . if that does n't work , google it .
lawrence and kansas city , honestly .
nice . i do n't know anything about the series , but from the trailers that game looks amazing
i had to scroll a long time to find this , the best answer .
i 'd finish games covered in mud and goosebumps . fun though
that 's too bad it works that way .
you know that did n't really happen , right ? it 's a creepypasta . a short scary story that 's a work of fiction .
yo dawg . i herd you like crash bars , so i put crash bars on yo crash bars so you can guard yo guard while you guard yo guard .
jury is out . hitler is actually a good guy
the only way to win is not to play .
seriously , eggs are a vessel for meat and hot sauce .
do n't worry , this post is bullshit .
it wasnt necessary in the title but everytime 18 year old sam bennett touches the puck something has to be said , did i mention he was 18 ? just a cbc circlejerk to be honest
so what ? it is a bonus game mode . what does it matter if a temporary minigame is p2w ?
you 're welcome . did your wife read it ? if not , she should .
i remember reading an interview with the director . the color pallet for the film was so specific , she had props paint a couch darker so it would n't be so bright in frame . lol
if you have a senior cap you have to apply to fifa to allow you to change countries . so you are not necessarily tied but it is a hoop to jump through .
why not set them to private ?
betting , yes ! a casino would be pretty awesome too . i used to love playing poker and blackjack in red dead redemption .
the one unc championship had 7 nba players on it .
especially after being a british colony for so long .
using h once a week was n't too hard for me . it 's very expensive here . i suspect if my source was cheaper and more reliable it 'd be different .
i 've heard jiggly will have more exclusive stock than greninja .
i never said that . if a man is leaving randomly and there are better employees available , i 'm not going to employ him .
is n't the politics that prevent new technologies from emerging in the marketplace a valid discussion here ? same as a stem cell bill in congress or a presidential microchip veto or something ?
nahhh son . my brother was nuclear , my buddy was materials science engineering .
both my parents are vegetarians , so meat was never cooked in my house . it was n't really a choice .
rock will never die .
i seriously doubt anyone was going to hit that pitch , and the pitcher was lucky to get the call .
not trashing a place . i tend to skew on the nicer side , as i 'm generally a positive person . the more i hate the place , the longer it takes me to write .
yep . they are . i know a place that host those poor individuals . and because there 's no control over the business , i heard they spread disease quickly now that dolly is gone .
do people actually believe this is the reason our healthcare system is all fucky ?
15 years is not decades really , it 's a decade an a half .
i heard this story maybe five years ago by someone , i think at the local community college . is this a reference to a standup bit or is this just a really small world and you 're that guy ?
this prize being the loss of a nicer car and potentially their life .
why would you go to game - stop for dota 2 ? it 's free to play
honestly ? oblivion felt much deeper to me . so if you like deep games , play it .
just think polish money !
i hope he gets at least a couple more wins before he retires . that 50 win benchmark is oh so close .
sounds really , really dangerous . likely started some pretty horrible traffic shock . but nevermind that , gotta think of the pd bragging points !
most people do n't count the outline as a color
it 's a shame because i played and absolutely enjoyed the shot out of sleeping dogs when it was free on xbox live the other month . given a better budget it would have been even better .
breakdown is a dove shaman , but can summon any kind of spirit he likes . he just happens to prefer birds .
what career ? was a joke guys . from the rap battle parodies .
that blows . unfortunately it made the difference for me in getting knocked out in the quarter finals and getting a legendary instead of a survivor .
definitely love the hatred , but if that sorry is true i 'm a little disappointed . i 'm a huge noah fan , but to ignore kids because of shoes is a little too far .
if it 's a big company then his boss is n't the one calculating his pay and sick time .
blazers are giving up the 2nd most ppg in the league to opposing point guards tho .
i do n't put my workouts but are the steps still ok ?
a carbon invoice was written out and with the machine to leave an imprint of the credit card info . we had to pull it out one night at a certain steakhouse that shall remain nameless
if you buy the season pass you should get all four , but you can also buy them individually
ok thank god you 're trolling , you got me scared you were serious for a second .
damn , well good luck man , hopefully things work out for you
to me , it 's not anything like a miyazaki film other than the fact that it was made in the anime style .
if you cry out with enough people on twitter , it 'll work .
you could always try to run google now on your ios or android device . you can link nest with it and it will use your location to adjust the away status . that would be a cost effective fix .
i 'm imagining someone cleaning those now . even better , folding them up to put them back in the closet for next year .
he did n't , and it is gild .
i know right , i just read the website yesterday .
i 'm guessing he means kids
they are n't going to charge indie prices that would just be idiotic . this is an aaa game just because they do n't have cars you like does n't mean it is n't .
i believe you 're quoted as saying you 'd be willing to pay hundreds of dollars to make their life hell irl . good one dog . every second of a ban you get is deserved now rofl .
you do n't like isaac ? he 's just standard and pretty easy if you know the basics of the game .
same here . fuck the contest .
awesome awesome . glad to hear that 's the case .
what type of back is that ? i 'm honestly not sure what to expect from our running game plan other than a 3 - point stance from the ol .
stop playing grab ass and start playing rad bass !
not quite as much with myers , but he 's been below - average in a corner and is now playing center .
by falling down one stair and landing awkwardly . all the stunts were for nothing !
why does n't the fbi do something about him ? or do you have special knowledge of child porn that the fbi does not ?
how do you know , though ? in the end you need to trust them that they do n't store it .
did n't steal it . : 3
when has the legendary super saiyan been reduced to a child 's play thing ?
as long as it lasts that long , it could be over in a couple of weeks .
you just showed that you 're not a grown up , by downvoting my comment just because you disagree . what a joke .
i honestly do n't think anybody but custom shoe makers make that size . at least , i do n't think i 've ever seen a target or journeys or anything carry it .
nah , i aint with the pale face cuz they fuck at a snail 's pace .
just a warm , liquid , most commonly spicy cheese sauce .
i 've got that card , i bought it when it was released , and it 's a very solid card , even though it 's a bit older now . you will definitely be happy with it .
its important to struggle to keep the larger image in mind . i take off my glasses and squint quite often to check to make sure i 've not lost the form while focusing on the details .
that is a great point . i hadnt thought of that
yeah i ate some mr . noodles and some crap i would n't usually eat . i 'm going to do a proper shop this evening . still better than booze though !
can you do this by just racing a race alone ? or does there have to be at least 2 people ?
its not really a tank . it is a support vehicle .
i dont played league properly since march .
really ? i feel like it 'd be easier to hold with your right hand and light with your left . you 're the owner , though , so you know best .
if you pre - order on amazon they wo n't charge you until they ship , so you should be able to get the code and then judge whether you want to keep the order after playing the beta and stuff !
sorry , i speak english , it 's colour
coming from the black world of glocks , it 's close enough for me .
i have a confession to make . i 'm gold 2 .
nice same scenario with my ex girlfriend . wrestling was awesome .
he reminds me of the irish flag !
no it 's definitely read write
then by having it half the price , several of my friends could buy it rather than being forced to buy two copies .
i wish i did n't love the mario series because i 'm collecting those . at least i have no interest in the other hard to find ones like marth , wii fit trainer , etc
obviously , but it 's still a vital component . i ca n't understand why any couple capable of having healthy children of their own would choose to adopt instead .
is it such a crime ?
if only there was a web browser that could have multiple web pages open at the same time , we could have one for this video , and maybe one for music
do n't they service older individuals dial up ? im assuming that population when die out when i have kids
yes i 'm definitely interested if you have n't sold it yet
i wonder if that would work for euro cents .
stopping is insanely difficult for bigger people . having all that mass is n't very easy to stop . think of it like a train .
yeah if you buy the gear thats true but why would you buy t1 obsidian its so easy to farm it out . took me less than 2 hours of game time to farm it out .
and abnormally tiny hands .
never heard of it but i see so many people standing up for him but did n't he say racist remarks ? from my understanding it was light hearted but is that the case ?
well , it 's more because of not bringing people from alt draenor to our timeline . i think loose ends need to get tied up . i swear , it 's not because of draenei hate !
dude . i needed him in my band . cliff em all !
how long do you let it rest on the second rise ?
i hope she is , because i 'd like to hear them ! always helpful to read critiques .
thanks man , it 'll be a little hard to play straight with a baby haha . cheers !
fuck that , teach the chick a lesson ! eventually he blood will provide enough lubricant . lmfao
i 've seen this , women dress up to show up other women not realizing the guys watching are not judging the whole show on the same criteria .
yeah , drew also hit a grand slam in the first week . but what have they done for me lately ?
can you have stuff like amazon ship physical discs to you ?
i only saw white and blue .
lol i dont know havent played against comp but i 'm guessing it would .
yeah , but there is almost certainly going to be nothing but outdated , underwhelming content in that class anyways .
i am doing most of my trip in solo for the high - res shots but you can still communicate and see friends on the map in solo .
it 's rare for most teams to lose if they scored twice
i decline to answer on the basis of my 5th amendment rights .
your mouth does n't naturally close when resting ? your body is weird dude .
shhh , someones feeling are hurt using logic now will get you no where .
i just read molester - man , in case i actually want a happy ending to remove all my creepy thoughts on that denko story .
how so ? all single - task performances are instantaneous and lag - free on both android and ios devices . the snapdragon and exynos offer better performance in multi - threaded tasks .
personally i just take issues with them because the ears are cut , for no reason other than aesthetics , and that face cannot possibly support a healthy goat .
awww thank you ! i was pretty tired by that point . : d
looks kind of a laptop , right ?
they need comic relief man . the mars future will be grim and soulless
oh man , i 've really screwed up . i 'm the tall skinny white guy , but i do n't have any of the others . i have a woman and an african american instead .
they 've been set up as the tory whipping boys and we fell for it hook , line and sinker . hail the glorious two party system .
i 'm not advocating for violence but it is n't like peaceful demonstrations really work in the u . s . anymore either .
i understand how some people who are n't as into mmo 's and pc games might think that , however the standard size for a modern mmo is 10 - 20 gb 's .
he had both shoulder and i think knee problems , was out for a few months , came back and tore his acl . so i think maybe 9 months or so ? with a few matches in between . not sure .
filter button possible as well ?
would actually be interesting to see . given that it would be a really big do or die on c9 vs tsm for a spot at worlds .
i 'm thinking european union . anti - eu politicians would be mad for centuries to come .
would 've ordered my food at the drive though then told them to open the dining room or if call corporate .
hand closed on puck during the sequence that they scored . does n't matter now , we just have to keep coming hard .
yeah i mean kyurem . it would be cool to have more though .
i know that 's like 5 free hits
there are 49 employees i believe . source : i work at tripwire . : d
depends on op 's hug distribution protocol . maybe you can get at least three hugs if the original deeply loved intp 's hug is available too .
we 're talking super secret grocery stores where vendors display products that ca n't be seen by customers .
that 's the daily show theme
if gamergate 's only goal is to retain people for making topics about what wu said last night then the movement has already failed .
the meeting was in japan . no way an noa would choose that name
then give davos the ole nod .
on the same note , make the admin page only accessible from a lan port .
yeah approximately . was n't really a brag post . just wanted to show people a possible better option than waiting for that damn slow bus .
what , i never had that problem , i open the rooms and save them with two clicks . are you sure you use it properly ?
you can easily ignore a shit - load more requests if you give them their own ringtone .
sorry but that 's not an answer to the question sir
yeah i 'm basically releasing all the songs i think are worth it that i made for the past 2 years . there could be a b - side twice as long !
you would n't have got the full benefit without the cooler refresh you did , so no biggie .
i think this might be the best start of the series .
could get a trust in another state .
could you say some more about the game ? how long is it ? is the battle engaging , does it bring anything new ? i 'm really impressed with the art style !
they are my friends shoes , i will ask her and let you know .
they 'll notice what ? that she 's got her bare legs showing and that somehow reflects poorly on her professionalism or ability to do her job ?
so this escrow event was only part scam , awesome
i built my computer for video rendering so i know i may not do the latest and greatest but i would think i should be able to play something from 7 years ago , no ?
i feel bad bailing , so i 'll come online around 12 - 2 tonight i think .
i do n't really mind the challenge every once in a while .
juve are the team with the most goals scored from long range in the biggest leagues this year , mostly due to pogba
i was taught that loud clean sound does n't damage hearing like loud distorted sound . i think it 's why were great so much about hearing loss right now because of shitty audio quality .
this . i 've never had this problem . i 've come close to the foot engaged e brake however
it 's to disguise what he 's doing with his hand in the glove edit : this wasnt a masturbation joke
i am going to name my car entropy now .
well , you have to meet people who like fantasy , and then it might help if they are of a certain age , the books have been around a while and are n't the latest thing .
have you even played dayz or any arma game ?
cheers dude , i actually just now figured it out . you 're right just takes a bit of careful baiting , something that hl2 seems to force you to be completely on top of your game for .
i think it 's because floyd is cast as the devil and the colours match
oh wow my mistake ! i meant stretch : p i like reach though ! is reach supposed to be bad ?
oh well i was counting both manga and anime .
hell ya man reason i do n't smoke cause i ca n't find it
exactly ! i notice it at home in a mirror or something so that 's why i know it would happen when i 'm out and about .
no . send her this text !
yeah you wanna talk about a kicking and screaming attitude kubiak is looking for . well . he 's got it
you have to be an active member of the sub . you ca n't just comment one time and then wait 90 days .
the obese progress pic on the front page is drawing them in .
only one group ignores science . looking at you ted cruz .
it 's awesome being a grown up . i have a bunch of guns now , and they 're all really fun to shoot , and no one ever feels less safe from being around me or in my house .
i am going to mcdonalds to eat 3 big macs now , i am a sad panda .
it can be hit and miss , depending on the size of the target . if not , the internet definitely has it .
i could legitimately see durant considering philly by next summer . our roster could be potentially stacked with young talent , and we 'll have loads of money to give him a max deal .
as a miami commuter , i know your pain .
got a large russian population where i 'm at . they do n't care what we think but they really care what the other russians think .
burning him alive with my omni - tool was fun . then you stomped on the ashes .
totally agree , thanks for sharing !
or put a glass over one and leave it there as an example to the others .
could i get in trouble for this ? i know that may seem silly or whatever but i stress over my grades so much . i feel bad for saying the wrong thing but also scared for myself
i would immediately take a shower , hit the bar hard , then pass out for the remainder of the flight .
that 's a bit harsh mang dontcha think
yea but still is crazy creepy . can you imagine going and moving your dead mother around her home on a regular basis ?
understandable .
no it 's because of inflation , money was worth more back then so it took up more space .
why ? is he really good at math ? i 'm not sure how mastery of a lot of instruments , or anything related to music , is evidence of the ability to figure out scientology is bullshit ?
i 'm imagining the coyote is like a doctor taking the dog on adventures throughout canine time and space , visiting the most significant events in canine history .
they 're thinking of the album , vivid .
ahh , the dark ages of the 10 min length limit on youtube
spurs and cavs wont be shooting this good and bad every night .
exactly how i feel . reach and odst were great games that did n't do anything to mess with mc 's story and i feel like that 's how it should have stayed .
wait what , you did n't adress what i typed out at all , besides the caps lock . a new question though : what made you so angry in life ?
lucky ! : x i wanted those .
no just the other way around . make the easy shots but miss the hard ones .
birdman is more about a broadway play than hollywood .
you 're kidding me right ? the kinetic energy korra experienced is much much much greater than a stick . she been hit by rocks with more force than that . the thrown stick is pitiful .
4 .
the stats were just compiled for 2014 . it was published a month ago . the link i posted was never submitted to reddit before .
i 'm not op but if a cute girl asked me to work out with her i 'd be self conscious because i 'm not very strong . that could be what he means .
there is no reason why flam could n't do something good for a newly promoted side , join a mls side for a pay day or go back to his native france . he wo n't be short of offers !
yes do n't automatically assume it is your phone that is dead i 've had this happen many times just buy yourself a new cable or use a different one
i 'm just sad we are n't scheduling them next year . somehow we never play uk the years they are mediocre .
you say that like we have good quality health insurance in this country .
no they are saying that the barcode so that the machine can custom brew each cup . hahahahahaha
that 's my day job .
depends what measure of frugal youre going for , waste management of cost effective , chicken broth being the latter .
hardly edit : rich kids can be fuckups too guys . and it 's not because they ca n't have good ideas .
title is misleading . op did n't mention that this trade offer was at the 2013 draft , not the 2015 trade deadline .
ufo spotted in 2013 , my birthday almost exactly a year later and another birthday a year after that . aliens and half life 3 confirmed .
seriously , this shoud be in top of the year
first big twelve win in two years ?
depends how you build him . crit rengar is late game as hell .
2013 speed triple se was gray , and about 200 produced .
oh . yeah , the unit really does n't care .
i know grunge became a uniform but dam was it refreshing to see people just chill the fuck out with trying so hard , i miss those days
evolution means eggs came millions of years before chickens .
the armchair gm 's of this team crack me up . this is not playstation
could n't you just go by william johnson then ?
yes , i believe so . i do n't really think there 's a surefire way to keep ground coffee fresh . we might seem grinder crazy on the sub , but there 's a reason for it !
a stick hams use to hold toilet paper so that they can reach far enough to wipe their own ass .
even though the bucks played like a jv team the bulls made up for it and hit the over in the fh . good luck !
ah , the irregular edges threw me off and i assumed they were brush strokes . regardless , they lend a nice rougher vibe to the piece .
yep ! i was going to do the reverse but i think gray as the main color is more versatile .
came here to say the same thing , ease up on the water and it should plump up on its own .
they scale off atk . they wont crit . whenever a bomb goes off , 5 digits appear above the head of the target and the target goes home .
says the north korean spy . but seriously , they better stay on my good side , or i brick your phone
we do n't really have any , as we all just currently wear whatever . how about the og be in white and the lightning to be yellow so they can be put on black shirts .
awesome ! i 've been listening to a lot of prince lately so i 'm glad that shows
i definitely googled her after seeing her in firefly . i think i read something that she 's a model and has been rated in some shape or form as the or one of the most attractive women out there .
that 's a good honest answer and although maybe not smart totally makes sense as a kid
yea and his movies have n't been really all that great in a while either . maybe he should retire .
that 's what i mean . if you 're wide open for a shot and the ball is passed to you , just shoot it . do n't dribble , just shoot .
seriously . every time i think maybe the girl and i should talk about trying for one , i just read one of these threads . 5 years and still baby free .
yeah , no shit . who gives a flying fuck if your mom made a bad choice . sounds to me like a pretty abusive relationship .
i do not play on eu servers , so unfortunately this is not something i have any experience with and it is outside the realm of dota2 related issues i could speak to with any degree of authority .
either way , i 've managed to work around it now , thanks synth ! : d : d : d
if that 's the dan i 'm thinking of , then lol . he 's been trying so hard to get a free ride in farms , i 've met a couple pf leaders who said they 've blacklisted him to stop him .
i prefer her to a lot of managers that have been in the business longer than her .
they were the best part . the main reason i played .
oh , if he touches me , shit is going down . i do n't fuck around .
the average muslim need n't have any interest in this . they are too busy living a normal life .
not too savvy . they 're more likely to gain voters from sun readers than from people who dislike the sun so vote snp to make a point . free publicity .
ya he is one of those guys everybody loves . happy for him .
contentious ? shit nigga use word less than 7 letters , this is the internet not middle school
gotcha , that gives me some hope that we 'll eventually see those come to the ps4 . i 'd hate to only play the third game in the trilogy .
i plan to start dripping and need some rdas i do n't care whether they are clone . lol
if crabtree was a weapon , then he would be a bb gun
last time i tried to submit a link i was told it was removed because it was n't a text post .
he looks like he smells bad .
i 'd still not be seen in public in that area for a good long time . they might figure out who you are based on the description of the cargo and send someone who would recognize you .
sub human , filthy , disgusting , horrible , and this is a secret , but i jacked off to the recent jets falling out of the sky .
oh ok , thought i had said something valuable
in my headcanon civ games are played in the afterlife by the ghosts of great leaders , so he 's already dead , that which is dead cannot die , no basically .
well , you know , except for every major gaming news site changing their ethics policies . i would say that is taking it pretty seriously .
that can boost your credit score yes , as long as their account history is good .
what if we took the best and working parts from all these players who 've had their careers cut short , and made some sort of frankenstein footy player
life is more exciting when you step outside your comfort zone . press the button .
had a retired canadian special forces officer as our primary fleet commander , holy hell was it wild to go on none and low sec raids with him .
i appreciate the kind words .
yeah you can , loads of people will sell islands for money
death by snu snu .
they dont have to . cloud9 has to fly every week for lcs . edit : my bad , did n't hear it
if you honestly believe that missing out on a great system and games is worth it , then yea , they do n't want your money .
is no problem : d i 'm the one getting a free shiny : p
we did it for 77 minutes , our attack needs to keep position and make chances and actually get shots on goal to keep the pressure off our defense
how much you wanna make a bet i could throw a football over them mountains ? - every bronze player
shut your cheesy whore mouth !
crucible is very fun , but the latency issues it has are inexcusable , and the reward system is a joke .
that was my favorite part too . so cute .
ah yeah that might be the problem now that you mention it ; i dont have a mic and i play with voip muted
it was honestly too much power in one kit , though . you could duel anything because it takes forever for them to hit you .
so you 're saying he was hit twice ? i did n't read your comment .
probably not going to be nearly as effective with a tennis ball , but worth a shot , i suppose !
no . that 's ridiculous . the child is the one who suffers from the disease , through no fault of their own .
texas ?
we will score tree in the turd to win in for foley !
remember to take it easy , man . my friend has been through that too many times because he kept thinking he was 100 percent when he was n't .
it 's coils only , hence why i was so sold on the subtank mini . they gave me a doge for free to let me do builds .
the nsa is n't a terrorist organization .
what major ?
in my mind it 'a no - brainer that both men and women should be treated the same . sorry , i forgot to add that to my rambling above .
actually once a battery smoke , it will explode almost instantly due to the high compression inside the mod . you need a safe setup .
so you agree that the jews should have not resisted being gassed ? that was legal .
exactly . his last of us remastered review is quite spoiler light even though the game 's quite old .
this . let us go win it secretly . nobody will know until they turn on sports center the next day . it 'll be glorious .
no one 's explaining it . i do n't get it . please explain .
ah what a shame ! i 've just ordered my copy from them . how do you know that they wo n't replace it ?
the virus lives somewhere in the spine and rears its ugly head for an outbreak once in a while . what the drug does is pushes it back to where it came from .
it 's promotional to highlight the assassin 's creed armor skin .
i think it makes perfect sense for simple ass goku to be terrified of needles despite everything .
nfl films made this video . it was produced for this week 's episode of inside the nfl .
they come free with my pizzas .
we wore them in gym when they first came out . they did n't become a fashion statement until idiots started killing for them .
i went back to the deadmau5 song to see if i could hear the rick roll drop . i am not a smart man .
i mean , it is mn sports , so its best to always be nervous of good performance .
i 'm planning on waiting for at least the gpu until it comes out , and buying the rest of the parts between now and then .
i do n't think martinez has had a long enough run yet . if the numbers hold together through may , he might sneak in . i 'd prefer not to see him get shelled though .
hm , i must have assumed he was since i never see him on the field . my bad , fixed
harsh . back story , or is it personal ?
dude , they were literally in the same place . but that 's probably all they had in common .
you have the record of least least interesting records broken in february .
only the top layer is paint , the rest is water
yes , it would be better to be in a country where fraud is so rampant everyone needs a color hd camera with sound on their dash .
dude , his only move is the robot . it 's all he 's got since charlie broke his arms in 'nam ,
pretty sure in quite a few places in america , if you get caught for indecent exposure you are put on the sex offenders list . which you really do n't want .
i prefer dr . pepper . it is the drink of the chosen ones after all .
that 's because balsamic vinegar is made from grape juice !
same here . i see how people like but no matter how much i force myself to watch i just ca n't .
i 've went my apps to make sure they are constantly turned off when i lock my phone . my screen seems to be making up most of the battery drain , even though i keep it on minimal brightness .
fuck man , that must be awesome
also oh my god someone in the comments recommended that people view nancy pelosi as a role model . holy mother of god .
i 'm kind of new on this subreddit . has there been much to stop this procedure from happening ?
god dammit !
they 've gotta pay for that contract somehow , and since they are n't doing it with ratings they 're forced to do it with quantity . nbc could be significantly worse given how much they paid .
it 's not a stupid rule us landlords came up with . if you damage the place or skip out on rent , i want as many people possible i can hold responsible for damages .
expect to hear from my lawyer .
wait , are you talking about iron man or samus here ?
dsp is someone who quit his job to become a streamer and all he does is complain games are broken when he is just terrible .
of course we can , what country makes you provide passport when going from city to city ?
thanks man . yeah , i figured that 's what it 'd do , sure would be handy to have that for a few games , i should really find a copy of cubic ninja .
fuck your one shades of gray , let us turn reddit purple for a day .
so do black women breastfeed their children chocolate milk ?
well he did mention it in the submission but i just jumped it with out seeing it , made me reinstall cataclysm , now i just have to get it to work .
so long as i get the musket , i 'll be happy . i really want the grey hat , though .
you 're crying all over the place claiming others not know what they 're talking about . but i have n't heard a single usefull word from you .
pull your toes back ! if you bend all your toes back the ones in your feet go away .
reddit 's search solution is shit . ca n't even find your own posts using author tag .
i realize that was the concern and i 'm not exactly sure who on the bench could cover middle infield . i just feel that was the moment to pinch hit bautista .
does this mean i could use the 9 volt charger that came with my note 4 ? is there just a fast charging setting to enable like on the note ?
it was originally the home of the bucks back in the 70 's .
price to rent ratio .
gg did n't happen until wagons were closed around a rather distasteful individual ; when a male who had done the same things would have been left out in the cold . ftfy
so is nonis pretty much a lame duck gm now ? is the writing on the wall for him ?
yeah , kill warrant scanner used , sometimes they will even be actively attacking me , and i 'll shoot back and get a bounty .
wait , would n't you be able to tell during sex ?
i spent a lot of time today looking for a green helmet in my mirror . just making sure nobody wiped out on the sand !
it 's the tweet note !
how can anyone own art when art is free ?
i live in west texas . i 've been to a game in houston 2 seasons ago and the game in dallas last season . the game at hou was great as it was a comeback in typical luck fashion .
pm me the specifics of the price and whatnot so i have it in mind please .
what , exactly , do you think lions and tigers eat in the wild ?
that 's what happens when you 're lying on your side and fat is affected by gravity .
exactly . so it has to be rising sentiment against those groups attacked in order to explain falling numbers elsewhere ; it 's not just anonymity .
you 're an idiot for thinking he thought that story was real .
i guess its not really gore i just thought it was funny and could n't think of anywhere else to put it . i suppose it 'd be gory if they actually ax the chicken ?
dad ?
could you please copy and paste your browser history for the last week then . just saying if you are so cool with not having any privacy whats the harm in a fella asking .
depending on the year of the car , yea . go tell the customer whats up and ask them if they want to pay for the real job or pray on the shady fix . id go for the trim and lock tight myself lol .
it 's time for the west to push a little harder for a complete ceasefire and demand free elections .
over time dust would cover up the ice . we might be seeing fresh exposures , perhaps from the impact that caused that crater .
a cubic cat ?
as long as phi psi has its ducks in a row and is n't asking for anything insane , i ca n't see rs spending the time and money to try to fight this .
i get shiner cheaper in md than i do in tx for some reason .
how very polite of you . my inability to find the latest episodes quickly after they 've aired mostly lies in the fact that i have a full - time job .
actually we 're talking about men having rights to abort or keep a woman 's pregnancy if she 's carrying his child , which makes child raising the relevant bit .
yes , very . none of them have a good pay rate . whatever you 're doing on them is probably the most efficient way of getting the most out of your time .
i always turn left onto one way streets . i still have n't done it when i am at a red arrow . it just feels so wrong even though i know it 's legal .
i live in finland . i can confirm it does not exist .
that could work as a logo for boston market 's delivery service . it gets there fast even though it is cooked real slow .
that 's a lie , jake loves dogs . jake is a great guy .
how did it fall from there ? so many unanswered questions here . too interesting for me .
blackberry 's os is pretty much compatible with android , and they claim their browser is up to the latest standards . they do have the best physical keyboards in the smartphone market .
in all seriousness though , impressive lifting . but damn , i imagined this little scenario in my head where he was trying to escape a burning building in all of that gear . very comical
i have a plasma cutter already . it will not cut as precise as a laser . i want to add a laser so i can cut wood , plastic and thin metal .
correct , although i just learned that it 's a bit unnecessary . ascension is a lifelong process .
wp rules always remove 10 from any reported age therefor you 're 1 . congratulations you 're the youngest moderator on all of reddit !
nope . i feel lucky . i have spent the last several years as a drunken asshole but am blessed that i have n't had a dui , lost a job , or had my ass kicked . miracle .
i pay for private healthcare but thank you for the unnecessary ill will .
and i slow down for fucks like you . it 's all a game , after all , right ?
he 's great at working them
yeah my girl is quitting her job to go to school full time so i have to start saving hard .
i think he 's saying that while the news covered the story extensively , they did n't say much about the victims .
that is exactly what i just said in my head .
i remember doing that on my gba games , they also had the seam . i never realised it was a nintendo - only thing
did you want to switch - out your family for mine ?
or people could spend their money on whatever they want because it 's their money , but that would be stupid right ?
pictures have been added to the original post .
i just think it 's telling that first day into the new term , they 're bringing up fox hunting , skewed priorities .
i tried out drinking whiskey sours for a while . your stomach hurts so bad in the morning , it 's not worth it .
its an animated movie loosely based on a comic of the same name .
y axis is cut , starts at 20 , super misleading .
let 's remember who we associate with here . our government has always been but is really just increasingly becoming ever more of a threat to the whole notion of america .
ca n't say for sure , being scottish and more of a union fan , but i would guess so . league tends to be more of a southern pacific thing , as far as i know
his donors believe in data as long as it is data which does n't go against their bottom line , which in this case it does .
just saying that when most 20 something 's think of getting beer for a beach trip , they buy corona . the power of marketing at work
i am sooo excited for 3rd rock from the sun . the big giant head will be pleased
that play is just a really common cheese play some people run . 91 fist from the 76ers playbook i think .
well i did call hr and got to the payroll department . they are all very nice there they just did not seem to have answers . have an upvote for the input though i appreciate it !
for 4 hours of driving total i would say it 's not worth it . if it was 1 hour away i would say jump on it .
hey , did you toss out the expensive wine and put water in your glass ? what the fuck dude , just say you do n't want it
they tried that in gaza and it did n't work .
physics does not work like that !
wear shorts over the yoga pants !
how so ? i thought jesus said that the ot was cannon .
she does n't need to give him free spending money .
how does one jump on slash ? i have bnet working and everything .
haha . there 's so many modern references to movies from that time . it 's amazing .
fire ?
demons had mp regen though , so caster classes were easy mode once you had a crescent weapon , which was conveniently available half an hour in .
no . it 's actually similar to how my old macbook died . right after a software update the keyboard started acting weird , then it would n't boot . it 's a 4 month old brick .
haha you guys are going to be like the bears of old and have people fighting over whether you 're black and red or your team colors .
tito 's vodka is made from corn , and it is highly regarded . i do n't believe potato whiskey is a thing .
just checked . it 's on the floor plan page .
no one is whining you are the only kid that ca n't admit he is wrong . do n't have to rage on the internet because you ca n't even with an argument without trying to talk shit .
so i 'm guessing you 've been listening to is since the mid 2000s more likely ?
i have an android phone , i was n't aware that this game was available for both !
dude a majority of fans here are pats fans . good luck getting up votes talking crap about them .
and far , far more variety ; i could go all day and see maybe two commercials repeat on tv , but i 'll see the same damn g2a ad at every ad break on twitch .
i ca n't help if you are being willfully ignorant . you do n't need to reply . i am replying to your comment so that others who see it know the difference .
eh , that feels to close to someone 's goal , so i do n't count it exactly as an emotion .
the reasons for that are rather hairy . beard with me while i explain them .
it 's such a fast weapon , but whenever i see someone using it all i usually have to do is bait them into the inevitable r1 spam and then parry .
same here bro . but it sure comes in handy when the girls in class need someone to study with
i 've heard stories of yosemite requiring 8 gigs of ram to properly run and i do n't want to make my computer any slower than it is for such small reason .
is this just fantasy ?
it changes . between 2 . 5 and 4 hours . i 've been making 6 and let her eat what she wants , which is generally 5 . i only make 6 bc our machine makes 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , or 10 .
they are going to be engaged and starting to try to conceive . i do n't think it 's unreasonable to want to be establishing your family unit without a third person butting in .
i 'm 31 and regularly get carded for alcohol and cigarettes . my family apparently ages about 10 years behind schedule .
this is random , but what do baby hiccups feel like ? do they feel different from kicks ? i 'm trying to figure out if i 've felt any
first thing i do when i offlane radiant . go trade hits with a support and use a tango on that bitch .
i was happy they tied up that lose end !
i think you 're over exaggerating because i usually die if i get cc 'd too much and the other team has good focus
great for the sex drive too , for all genders . not to mention it makes the rest of life around the gym considerably more fun as well .
nah , they only made the old logo available for select vengeance keyboards for a bit longer .
it certainly could be a shame , if the american celebrity actor was actually capable of being a good diplomat .
defending a person , who is a rapist . what 's the worst thing you 've ever done in your entire life ? do you want everyone to judge you for that upon meeting you ?
gotcha , that is strange .
maybe she broke up with him because she had been talking about starting a family for 2 years already and he still had n't even proposed !
unlikely , does not really work as one as it is too bulky .
no , the best is when you 're down 0 - 4 or 1 - 4 and they start giving you the ol lipton , and you give them a judicial bagging the next four rounds as you wrench victory out of their hands .
now it all makes sense . all i could think was , one shade of what ? of nail polish ? because they could read the books quickly ? i 'm so confused .
i will review it because i said i would , and aside from the last chapter i 've liked it . least i can do .
what about times where you want to play it , but ca n't find anyone else to ?
no sorry , i ride for my village club , and a city in amateur races . my 4th place was the highlight of my cycling career so far and the way my first races have gone this year , probably ever .
i actually went to stop in there one day and they were gone . it has been a few months ago . hopefully they saw the end coming , and were able to get out and start something new .
that sounds cool . i 'll take your word , is there like a picture or it or nah ?
i see what you 're saying but i can actually see ant preferring to just be funny around a framework that ron brings . they could honestly hand off host back and forth .
it does n't happen that often , and i 'm good looking but nothing special . i just like to associate with women who do n't care much about tradition .
decent author , horrible person .
online college .
i would definitely clean the carbs , replace all the hoses , and replace the oil in it then . that 's your best chance of getting it to run without screwing anything up .
i always worry about that when i pop at raves ?
it does n't , so the barista would be embarrassed for assuming i meant cow milk when i first asked .
minus the toy though . that 's what makes an unhappy meal . their food with no toy .
boys of this nature are pretty cute as well . actually , mix anything with anything , and that person is bound to be better looking overall .
actually how the fuck can they take your license if they didnt even test you . i seriously have almost no respect left for da 's or cops anymore .
it would be even more shortsighted to rush into a hard - fork without the necessary preparation and organisation .
i 'm already too fat tho . do n't make me eat
red , white and blue tracers !
speedo , which is a brand , actually makes some pretty nice casual swim trunks
i would n't go that far , but i did just beat the tournament in one sitting . world class is challenging , but not extremely difficult . it 's also not easy .
because men do n't generally have to consider their personal safety when meeting people , walking alone , or you know , just existing in the world .
i would just tell no one , i 'd end up moving because i want to do that anyway but i would pretend that the stuff i 'm suddenly able to do is the result of my fiscal responsibility and savings
hahaha ok , that 's a pretty important part of it : p
like i said , i was out with my ipad and got an idea . so i typed it up . i 'm not looking to do serious development , but it works for writing small stuff .
dutch .
unfortunately yea . it does n't give off that much light at all . it 's great for mood lighting though .
i 'm talking about the club 's homage , not the fans .
lol , thank you ! internet points are pretty close to high fives , but if our paths ever cross in the real world i 'll definitely give you one !
thank you for the reply and hard work ! good luck with the schedule .
to be fair , a flashbang would temporarily bling you with or without night vision . its what they are designed to do .
you know how some people hate cherry flavors because that 's what cough syrup comes in ? over there a lot of the otc meds taste like root beer instead . or so i 'm told .
there are already enough clint eastwood movies , we do n't need any more .
the reason i want to hide it is because i work with small children . i will actually try and take every moment i can to show people !
the mac pro you 'd actually seriously struggle to beat at that price point , even assuming the design is irrelevant . the gpus alone are seriously expensive .
that and as an apartment tennant , i do n't have full creative liberty with my place . if i poked a hole in the ceiling it would be frowned upon .
well , with all due respect , i believe him there . at least i want to .
my husband and i expect that he will get lots of attention when our daughter is born , and i will be avoided like the plague . a bearded , tattooed , fit guy with a little baby girl ? hot damn .
would n't moldy dick cheese still be a product of animals ?
i mean sure i 'd eat it if i was hungry enough , like i was homeless or a war refugee or something . but cheap hotdogs are about the same price and u cook those over a fire .
i 've only seen a few gt games this year but the end of game execution today was absolutely shocking to me .
man , if that 's what it takes for you to be content , you have issues
yes i have , i need to look at the user bases . i have tried to get this into tabletop simulator , but it crashes do to the number of cards . will have to revisit . thanks !
this unit heavily recommends skyrim . we have put 141 hours into it , and the modding capabilities of the game on pc are endless .
i was expecting something horrible , and i was surprised . there are also more definitions here than principles .
probably that show 4th rock from the sun . oh wait
i never said anything that would indicate i do n't care about brigading . i do n't even know how you can get there from these few posts . you are silly as hell , bro .
i dont think so , but hey , it doesnt hurt to make some more money , especially if you can spread it around .
while i agree it 's unimpressive for the most part . but spiderman could absolutely not solo the avatar universe .
if you dodge a bullet by sound you 're a bullet timer . no regular human being can react to a bullet by sound . the bullet is faster than the sound it makes .
awesome ! well played
you would n't think it was awesome that the us restarted its moon program ? or more likely , if china put a person on the moon ?
how the hell do you even play that much destiny ? i was capped and bored of all the endgame content by the two hundred hour mark
sounds good . one for every jew that should have died !
lame . if i ran a tow company i 'd be all over it . the law is the law buddy !
you do n't put the whole tail in your ass weirdo , just the plastic end .
he 's gotta be replaceable though man .
nope . saw this pic earlier today on twitter . the stupid thing made me think it was a gif .
yeah ! i absolutely love this game now , usually when i was poor i 'd be so frustrated but now i love it . love having money !
right in the middle of an otherwise perfectly reasonable article about a man with magical powers .
yea i remember playing her when she had it , not sure what made them get rid of it though , it 's not like it buffed her in anyway .
i think you 're a graphic design genius in the making .
music is a great hobby and can take your mind off just about anything . playing might hopefully give you the willpower by itself !
yes , plus high hp and very usable blue and black .
yes , i meant to mention this but was a little too quick to hit the save button . size is n't everything , and there are plenty of cis men who have similar worries .
ouch , i get 22 days plus public holidays , think it 's pretty standard over here in england ,
hey that 's my story for the post . where 's yours huh .
i feel like i 'm the only person who feels the opposite . i find blonde hair with dark eyebrows really hot and i 've gotten surprising amounts of shit for it .
is it a crt or an old lcd monitor ? old crts are damn near bullet - proof .
more likely custody would flip to dad . the state wo n't want to pay for you if they can avoid it .
i 'm not in grad school .
i 've always used the description harry potter crossed with harry callahan
story writing ? allow me to tell you about our lord and savior , dwarf fortress .
oooh yes , i 'm so excited to sleep on my tummy . i 'm almost giddy just thinking about it .
did you have a written contract with your grandfather ?
the cat doesnt own me . i 'll pee on their territory back
yeah its not the kinda lift you go for 1rm 's in
haha i feel like in a preppy wardrobe and for the summer they 'd actually go with a lot of outfits
it 's almost rite of passage worthy to be honest . almost every single gay guy i know has that one straight guy they fell for despite common sense and logic .
sorry , i 'll delete it . it 's my first fucking time , dammit .
every cop for miles wants to get in on the action . half of them were probably off - duty when the call came out on the radio .
did you forget ? you ca n't state your opinion on reddit if they do n't agree with you .
good idea ! a car with 4 flat tires stuck on the bridge should speed things up .
thank you . i 've added the link at the end of the comment now .
very true . i could make a new one . hmmmm . that would probably look enough like work that i can get away with doing it at my desk
if you 're a grown parent with a fully developed brain and you ca n't be smart enough to lose the weight , do n't expect your kid to do it . he has half your genes and an undeveloped brain .
at the end of your life , you die .
i 'm trying to figure that out . i 've done some readings of things around my house , but have n't found any high levels of energy .
being on top is boring , but you 're right it 's probably just any port in a storm . but why not just masturbate ?
graphics hold up if you got a good computer and run everything on max .
i like how bill chapman auto sales is included .
i did end up going with a warlock for that sole reason . i enjoy playing them , and guilds are always needing one .
that was probably my favorite festival ever . i volunteered to man the light tunnel installation and met a lot of great people .
that makes sense , the google knowledge graph probably scraped wikipedia for its information in this case .
range is n't a tank stat but it is an incredibly useful part of their kit that they have over tanks , if tanks did next to no damage the adc would just use them as a life steal punching bag .
steam family sharing ? i play my friends games all the time .
two girls at cup point .
or have a mortgage that 's less than half paid - off .
or you can flash your own bios . do n't blame a company trying to reduced bad rma 's and cost because of a few uneducated users .
australian . i have us netflix and they only have aussie . us rake was on hulu .
so you built it ? post some pictures to cabal : d
well did n't you replace it ? could n't the old one have been bad ? with one that old , it could be ecm failure , vacuum leak , shorted wiring , open wiring . lots of options .
oddly enough . if we 're thinking of the same grill . i think it 's kind of ugly .
i 've done this for years thanks to the original rage comic . who says overused internet memes do n't teach you valuable life lessons ?
i find it easier to just work at double the speed of most others . one day on reddit , one day of work , repeat . unfortunately yesterday was my reddit day so back to work i go .
what , you like broken shit ?
just had a tooth pulled and it hurts like hell to laugh or even smile . your comment caused me a lot of pain lol
an up - vote for success ! glad to hear they did clear it up for you .
all the nazi 's were n't bad people .
that was really my only negative thought on the whole video was the music got a tiny bit repetitive .
glad i thought to post it in here !
hahaha yeah , i 'm a girl .
doing an overwatch gives a random case key . gg hackers .
i suppose , but then it becomes a weight issue
he fought his dad who uses gold . later he used the leftover gold in the area to fight another guy .
after shoving him to the ground twice . if you do n't think that 's a deliberate kick i have a bridge to sell you .
man , i did n't know it 's an old song . timeless .
you should try looking at a sub before saying incorrect things about it .
it 's a rihanna song , kanye wrote it and performed it so she would know how to sing it . for example , eminem does with dr . dre songs .
i would n't mind seeing the flames in the playoffs although another battle of california playoff series would be cool too .
twist : owner of the car sent his driver
this was my first thought too , but holy shit that 's a really good idea . i hope she gets the job as keeper of the guns and chocolate .
baby did a nice tuck and roll . will soon file for legal independence from his parents . as soon as he can figure how to strap himself in .
is this just fantasy ?
oh man thatd be amazing . daniel day lewis is amazing .
close . a few doors down in the office building opposite london bridge pier .
i finally made 10k gold and was going to buy murky but decided to wait for the patch notes , i 'm glad i did
turns out i 'm not a good drunk driver . god rest her soul .
that would neither exhibit the level of shit nor the level of legitimacy that this post holds . i think you should frame this
her whip with life steal is crazy good . you can go into a 2 on 1 and still come out with a double if you land your shots .
honestly , the titles in the game do n't necessarily mean anything . they 're there for classification reasons , does n't mean they live and die by it .
all of these were so much better than the modern garbage that was being put on in the 90 's . i 'll still watch these shows whenever the rare chance i catch them on .
monthly sounds better . gives more time to improve an idea based on community work . which is kinda cheating , but still , you have to build and balance it yourself .
you 're saying you 're government holds you so right you 're not allowed to draw apple cores ? shitty .
i 've got them both . message me your gt and we can try to get you that car
my little brother got ahold of my computer and he thinks he 's funny or some shit
fun fact : men who are right handed tend to hang left , whereas men who are left handed tend to hang right .
welp . i 've made a fool of myself , i honestly did n't realise it was n't legal in northern ireland . i even looked it up yesterday and have no recollection of that . bleh .
only if you do n't play it competitively .
what 's it like being super old ?
yeah i was definitely in a jack johnson kind of mood when i wrote this , thanks !
he meant buying from someone cause that 's rmt and its not allowed
u dont get it . if i win 2 games and lose 1 i get 0 out of it i have to win 10 times in a row or some shit
i figure i do n't need to since i rarely use that pc . i only play league on it since it runs better on that then my laptop .
that was my first thought : d
yes i know but in light of all my recent emotions i 'd rather turn a blind eye
there is an attitude that it 's ok for a woman to slap a man or to hit a man for perceived or real wrongs that go beyond self defence .
a correct opinion .
god is n't real ! haha bet i ruined your christmas now thats right it was your parents buying the presents
ultimately they taught us about hubris and saving money in the long run .
in this case , the bigger battery unfortunately does n't really mean better real world battery life .
met my first race . was around 300 turns into the game . why would that be a bug ?
hahaha that 's not a bad idea ! twice the fun , right ?
you can get defensive rounds that are coated in nickel . these rounds are usually more expensive . not stainless steel , but close to the same look .
jorah definitely gets infected in the show , episode 5 confirms it .
jordan , he 's going to be lucky if he does n't have to repeat this year . he is not playing today .
it would be smart . and mitch is a smart guy . giving away our pick or randle for a superstar is just dumb . build for the future .
yeah , i was n't planning on trying it anyway . just wanted to know what happened .
i thought about it yeah , but i do n't think it make that much of a difference . i like how they 're both red as it makes it more of a friendly laugh ?
i 'm like pretty ok with a three point game though if that 's what it takes for us to get two
any restaurant will give you free ice water . it 's florida law . it 's nice to carry your own bottle though .
i feel like his play this season truly puts him into the elite nhl players , great offensively and and good both ways .
with a smaller weiner , his real brain had more resources to work with when he spelled out the dew . yellow 5 , more mythological than sasquatch .
it literally has one of the lowest homicide rates in the country . there were like 20 murders in the whole state last year .
i had a pull out chair bed they could n't climb up so i slept on that for about a year then i moved and left most of my belongings behind .
i do n't know what type of rock it is , but i just got a rock and rolled along with the situation .
snatch the pebble !
every account on reddit is a bot except you .
only a matter of time , hate to generalize , but most americans can be convinced of anything , especially when it comes to politicians .
easy if you want to just get used to everything without worrying about anything , normal if you want to get used to everything while having some semblance of a challenge .
i agree . he looks like a man now , not a manchild still channeling his inner bieber .
but then they 'd know you have a time travel thing and get pissed that you lied at them .
i 'm not really a fan of that style of play , so yeah , that 's what i 'm gonna tell you
be careful with that , i have no idea where you 're from , but where i 'm from the penalty is much higher in a school zone if you get caught with cabbage
you can buy ip boosts with rp , which is almost directly buying rp . it 's like saying buying a coupon for 20 dollars and redeeming it for something is getting that something for free .
if you play with a team , you way less likely to get betrayed . if you pub it , it 's gonna happen alot more
i would n't trust it , stay up drinking with us
i use it as toilet paper . might as well give it the once over while i 'm sitting there .
yes , afterwards you are always a little bit wiser .
i agree , i ca n't stand her . i reread book five a while back and was shocked when i read those parts , i 'd forgotten how horrible they were .
ha , yeah , i meant our team in particular .
that 's you , though . it is n't me . i 'm glad those were easier for you , however .
europe is not yet to the point that a european washington dc is necessary .
good guy allen making sure you wo n't get mad whenever he fines clg
and some pizza gives you food poisoning . make sure it has n't gone bad , and use some preservatives !
then why are n't we hosting the jamaican prime minister more often ?
nigga he trying to just chill and cop a season of scrubs with some pizza and icecream and this thot all up on his dick . if you do n't keep your man entertained he gonna leave .
in my case , like i specified , it worked flawlessly .
considering frank underwood came from a democratically controlled house of representatives where major bills actually pass , it sounds like an alternate universe to me .
the little known cousin of moon moon .
same . highest impact fusion rifle in the game ; i 'll upgrade it to 365 and see how well it does .
i really hope so , but i 'm praying for my control arms . if it 's only the rim i can cover it when i get paid this week , best case scenario so i can have my car fixed before spring break .
baby blue with chrome stripes , dude
he 's a cool guy , too .
true , but his arms are like 5 feet long and his lack of neck means his shoulders are super high . he 's effectively 10 feet tall .
he 's a doctor in the same way dr pepper is an md .
damn , now i kinda hope the jets draft him in the 3rd or 4th .
set up a table . talk to people that walk by .
yeah that does n't mean it was shiphtur 's fault , which is why i questioned the guy i replied to . it was obviously crumbzz 's decision .
i 'm in qc canada and i chose the pats because they were close , had the best uniforms and my first football memory is the eagles superbowl
i 've hit them with a punch sideways and then crushed them to get them out . it 's a lot easier imo . just need some good long handle needle nose pliers
i received the meta knight . the trade was great !
i refuse to believe that there is anybody out there who thinks star fish move that fast .
also true . driving in the northeast is just really different from driving anywhere else in the country .
i started doing that back in high school and it works . take it from me dudes the ladies love to see some forearms for some reason .
idk what it is but they seem to flock to whataburger late at night . the record near the location by me was 5 cars there at about 2 am , and there 's always at least 2 there every night .
you guys be keeping it at 0 - 0 though . we can shoot all night long but we cannot score .
even in your home bathroom you stand ?
i love it to , tempting to actually purchase one of his tutorials to find out how he does it .
let 's just hope today was bad day and they turn up tomorrow no matter who they play woooo
panic leads to stupid ideas . most people were looking down on the text books so thankfully they did n't notice my tongue trying to tentacle rape my nasal cavity
got a total cutie talking to me ? cool
it was a spectacular fall though .
that 's so cute , your husband 's like a dog . all due respect . i 'm sure he 's good at things .
that would depend on the source material . the idea that all media is biased , brain - washing bullshit is so 2006 .
sure was . the nh edition . i 'm doing ragnar to cape in a month . ever do it ? it 's a blast with the right team .
it 's a pathetic attempt at being funny . usually i find this stuff kinda funny but this one is just bad .
for us graphic designers , flu . x is a no - go as it totally fucks up accurate color representation .
i loved how they brought the gnome back for left 4 dead 2 .
hey man , just found this thread and these comments , just wondering if you 're ok drowning in all that pussy
you 're not supposed to talk about it in person , though . screw that . i 'm 35 and i 'll talk gta with anyone .
his cpu is a neural net processor ; a learning computer .
thanks . looks like they did a major re - write with v3 based on release notes , so a lot could have changed in the regard to stability . guess i 'm just going to have to trial both of them .
more like started from the top and stayed there .
oh come on now everyone has seen how good russian promises are . is n't it a great world when you can go from 2015 back to 1980 . that 's russian progress right there .
i know that , i was just pointing that out to you , because you 're , well , a seattle fan . something 's got to be wrong up in your head .
flew over their head and landed on the roof .
replace sand with coal , and you 'll get all the ladies .
i appreciate your feedback , thanks ! yeah he was definitely at the top of the list .
surprised superman returns was n't on the list .
that difference is iwd tries when keith is playing . he do n't give a damn and plays like shit when piglet is there , probably on purpose .
yep , screw the one fan offering a different possibility . these threads get so circlejerky there 's no point to them if no one is offering up an alternative view .
the devs were likely being pressured by their publishers to put the update out sooner . it 's pretty easy to overlook something when your job is on the line .
there 's no risk . they bring money , you give them the title .
strongly disagree . a game that heavily frustrates or bores players leaves a bitter taste and leads to toxicity .
ha , la a tough sports town , come to nyc
what did you say chief ?
ha ! it almost would n't even surprise me at this point . the seller is definitely an awesome guy for including all those freebies .
good , because neither does science or the evidence to the opposite .
it would be idiotic of me to expect otherwise : p
the name white widow more than the color scheme .
look at this guy complaining about anything baseball related ! - cubs fan
bankrupt your family with the costs of getting your body into space . real cool move .
it 's just the radio waves being picked up in his teeth fillings put there by the government
funny how similarly bad play - calling cost us that 49ers game , which became a crucial loss towards the end of the season .
i honestly hate the taste of my towns tap water .
i think its easier for them to make a real video than a fake one .
the idea that killing it is fine is implicit in the description .
behind his screen , never carrying shit , ever , shouting for his mum to get another pj sandwich .
gang kids hide drugs and guns in convenience store and fast food bathroom ceilings . they do that if their school has metal detectors or if they live with relatives who will check .
nope , i did n't , but there was a kid next to me freaking out with rockhold as if he bet his mothers house . the first 30 seconds were n't kind to him .
i 'm not a ducks fan , i 'm visiting . and thats not saying much coming from you . btw , go eat that snickers .
all jokes aside , even if the movie was good what would it gain by being live action ? the show kicks all sorts of ass as it is , changing the medium ca n't help it imo
no harm , i do n't do great effort , i content to guess , it 's surprisingly easy from french and fun but not always for reader . sheer .
i had only seen iron man 1 when i saw the original avengers .
i 've read the series and i can tell you it does n't ruin it at all . they 're just words .
no , you need currency .
uhh , if you 're patient and careful you can beat it . its actually the best way to play the game the first few playthroughs .
yeah , its getting old real quick .
if we 're going by aggressive behavior , a wolverine has them beat easily , which was also the first animal that came to mind .
op kind of deserved it for being a douche bag . he could 've left a message saying that he pushed the wrong key and that he did want to be removed from the list .
yeah i 'm sure the man behind the camera wants a hot dog full of dog spit .
very different . i kinda live on the streets alone in a camper with a dog , he has his family in downtown . when we see each other , it 's always like hobo meets bobo .
if only that was true .
computers stop being personal ages ago . windows , mac os and linux support multiple accounts . tablets do too . even my phone supports multiple profiles .
correct . any bar style rail will work .
yeah i get it , i was just joking around !
the defence is too passive , they let seattle stroke it around , and number 2 allows himself to be dragged out of position far too easily
i called that shit a minute b4 the play too .
oh cool , i would ask to add you , but my fetlife is horribly outdated . and tumblr confuses me a bit
26 dollars a hour for 1 job , 40 dollars a hour for the other . i actually lived very close to both jobs but last october my house burnt down ! so i was in a rush to find a new home .
more importantly , you 're a bartender . listening to people complain is pretty much your fucking job . i guess you occasionally have to pour a drink , once in a while too .
the idea would be to start from scratch for this tape . it 's good practice to work on a theme and focus on collaborating
is n't being a sheep a euphemism for being part of the heard ? for not thinking for themselves ? that 's one bad ass sheep .
meaning what ? you think they made that game from scratch ?
they 'd never think it 's you . they would never assume you 're as stupid as to do something like that . except after reading this . it is almost a foolproof plan .
i 've checked the time before but only in shitty movies and i keep it hidden in my purse as best as i can . this guy was just plain rude .
how else are we gonna get home after a night of drinking ?
oh balls its really that long ? i thought it was only for the 7 weeks
remindme ! 5 days
i would really rather not change the floor plan at this point . is there a method for drawing roof plans or do you just have to figure out the logic of it ?
can i give you a ur pro and 2 fully trained ur , i dont have 4 urs fully trained right now , i can train some but it will take an hour or 2 . also is your d - rose fully trained ?
jacksonville is nicer than people think . i live here , and it 's a great medium between hot and expensive places like miami , and being more up north and being somewhat affordable .
you have a problem with gray ?
i was relieved to discover that there actually was treasure under his house , and not just a rape dungeon . i did n't know how japanese this game was going to get .
oh yeah , i misread the bottom . i thought it was saying you 'd have to pay a fee with the verified paypal account not just have one . so at least on that end it would n't be a problem .
it 's the whole rule about whichever is first stays . i know last week i was about to make it and i remember one of the other regulars having theirs deleted .
mine too ! welcome to the life of luxury brother .
a lot of girls who are friends will hold hands and stuff so it 's hard for guys to tell sometimes .
anonymous accounts . i have crippling social anxiety but online i can say fuck you bitch suck may dick titties .
because we are the greatest state to ever be a state and you can tell by the lone star on our flag . and we are raised up being pressed from every angle with texas pride and such .
that would probably be the worst and most stupid thing they 'll ever do to the game , worse than not having build templates .
way i see it is i 'd rather him playing for sydney than lose him to league .
hi , welcome to reddit , where we accept anyone and believe in equality . unless you 're religious . fuck your religion .
i know . words can be challenging , aim high .
my point is that women feel entitled to a lot of things too . i do n't think fixing that is too high in the feminist agenda , though .
hold up . we still have to win tomorrows game .
anything sung by axl rose does my head in . that voice just rubs me up the wrong way .
true . i just finished a play through last week and felt like it did n't take long at all .
iunno , im half asian and we eat raw onions , this joke is lost on me
that was changed on one of the gunner balance patch , i guess they never bothered to update the description .
they got to the national championship . did n't win it though . tebow , meyer , and the gators took them out . still , they were pretty unstoppable all year .
does n't make it any less shitty that his key got stolen .
you should look at the report that states how many children assad has killed .
who the fuck buys a paper anymore anyway ?
depends on where you want the usb hub and whether you want the volume knob and media keys . there 's not much of a difference otherwise , as far as i 'm aware .
bruh like half the pictures in the hashtags are throw away accounts using stolen pictures . sell on here if you dont wanna deal with that shit
it 's not rape if we both cry .
yeah , i quit two years ago and still miss it , especially when i get a whiff of that smell .
now you can become online . are you still awake ?
i 've tried every trick i can think of . works on my ipad but not my phone . i guess i 'll just wait for a patch .
health insurance wo n't help once she feeds your penis through a wood chipper .
sunderland were shit . jozy was shit . ca n't have one without the other . is that really hard to understand ?
so she 's lying about my age , what kind of a person would do that and why ?
well , i meant to read the rules on csgo lounge , but now that you mention it , it looks like you did break a subreddit rule .
it 's in salt lake city . they only have one location as of right now .
oh , then i guess mexico is very nice this time of year .
you do n't need a coupon to pay the price of one sand which for a sandwich .
i am just about to reach my breaking point and give in .
chicken joke .
it 's easier to just call someone a retard if you 're also a retard
i ca n't keep my book or an umbrella or a snack or a pill bottle or a water bottle or anything bigger than my wallet in pants pockets .
i do n't know either , having never bought a gun or smuggled one . i 'd imagine that it 's guns that are stolen from licensed owners , mainly .
ha , getting away with stuff
that it does ! many hours of music and skype for me . but thanks for that tip too !
it 's definitely a great start
does anyone play it ?
i mean , it gets a bit meh , the constantly bored sound of it . its not even sexy after a while . also happy cake day .
i find it more annoying when people leave a space before all their punctuation .
i figured that this was the answer seeing how they jumped from 35 to 50 these past few months .
yes , yes it is . that 's why men 's bathrooms have urinals for us to pee into .
db 's up to 60 and some even took out the smith 's so you 'd be left with shitty machines . if you found one with free standing benches and proper bars i 'd be thoroughly impressed .
unless you 're playing by just shooting different balls into the pocket 's .
meh , it 's a lot of sugar and equivalent to most sodas with a little more nutritional value . i try to drink water if i can , but orange juice is oh so good .
when dwight gets back , the main guy they 'll be resting is dwight .
thank you based god .
it did the last time i ride it , which was about eight years ago . i do n't think anyone else had since , so it probably needs a lot of tlc .
i 'm blue if i was green i would die
any stationary store ?
yeah you could , but a lot more people wanted im so you 're kind of a niche within a niche . : p
good idea . mini mill 's are a pain in the ass to use in the mornings .
i think the best solution to that is either to have the legs on the front facing out or more clearance on the front so they dont catch when you get stuck on your nose .
i think the bigger question is why you were drinking and playing magic at work .
awwww yiss ! : d thank you ! support at this stage means everything to me ! id go for an epic awesome high five but im british so you will have to accept a terribly polite hand shake !
do it . also make sure you are an organ donor .
same here , but not only before bed , anytime im just alone for a long period of time . its the fuckin worst
what would the answer be to the best question to ask in this situation ?
if your tech can be defeated by a post - it note , you have bad tech .
without an alarm . it was n't too great , to be honest . i often went to bed at around 2 am or so , and had to wake up at 8 .
he tends to start his runs from deep or wide positions cutting inside . he normally does n't find good angles to shoot from and mostly attempts to deliver a final pass to a teammate .
monarch mind control . look it up
i did n't say otherwise . i said pay with cash
i dunno , i did n't see it as a massive upgrade from , say , assassin 's creed ii . then again i 've not played that game in ages and maybe the difference is bigger than i remember .
i suppose you 're right . at that point with kids to worry about i think that i 'd just stop doing illegal drugs altogether , but hey it 's his life .
oh kill 'em ! wait that 's not your job .
comment made my day . thank you
seeing too much balls to the wall crazy too often . sort of tricks you into thinking everything that is n't blatantly obviously joking is real .
wow , that 's really cool . i 'll have to sign up . thanks for letting me know .
depends on the school district . my current employer does n't even come close to this level of dysfunction .
you can get lost in it for a long time . amazingly .
i have family in galway ! the pub they frequent has the best smoked salmon on earth .
as far as i know you have to take a plane from china to nk and i 'm pretty sure land borders and closed .
the other thing is that hipsters are n't drinking starbucks because it 's too mainstream . they are going to some unheard of coffee shop or using their own french press .
i have had the same dream since i was ten .
you are correct . but if all of the other rooms in hollywood are full of the same thing , it becomes a lot harder . not saying they are . i 'm just making a metaphor .
wow , considering how bad this is , that 's pretty bad !
i ca n't really do that because i 'm a server and the weekends are the most busiest days and the ones that make the most money .
deft has actually become an amazing laner now . it use to be a knock on him , but it is n't anymore .
thats how i play . i like the ball arrow always being there
i guess you gotta be a habs or cats fan to understand it . we always have fun together .
i actually tested it before making the post and its still not fixed .
no , i 'm not selling online . i 've had a bad experience a while ago and i 'm gonna stay away from it for now . thanks for the offer though !
generally you can react and sdi left or right appropriately but sometimes the fox can be tricky with their horizontal momentum .
i bet he does n't even live under a bridge either !
thanks man .
yeah great job with this interview . thanks for this .
did you not watch my very clear video on how to kill him and even obtain the epic version of his weapon ?
you do n't think child abuse is wrong ? wtf
i know that feeling . i 've already accepted that i 'm going to die alone , and would n't mind if that came soon .
and if u want more utility you can always play royal storm , i didnt played the jade variation yet so i cant say anything about it .
i tapped out after guardians . i own two marvel films on dvd , winter soldier and iron man and itll be a lot to get me to pay 10 dollars for a marvel movie .
which team is in the bonus ? which team will be in the bonus first next half ?
thanks , dude ! i spend most of my time running a podcast and at school so quick doodles are all i have time for these days , haha .
lol . it 's just one guy i bet .
i have home basic with a free trial of norton antivirus .
if he knew someone that already reloads , would n't it just be easier to trade 5 bucks for some powder ?
we just did n't engage for the most part , which is unusual for us . imo it shows how much of an influence maurice has on that room .
i think jokes are meant to be funny mate .
the economists have the influence not the scientists so we wo n't do shit .
no there are n't . no cop in america is going to hassle someone who just won 3 grand . that 's the irs job anyway and they do n't care about this amount either .
it 's actually a pretty good resource for figuring out social skills that can translate into better romantic relationships
instant cash and contract day pay are completely unrelated . there are a lot of theists with instant cash , but it will never change that zero
yup , but lower fees means that lawyers need to work more hours , meaning they purposefully draw out cases .
good deal ! happy grilling
road trip ! i 'll bring booze and snacks .
well not worth it imo . but i 'm looking at an app , its a browser but it 's possible to play agar . io in . when i get home and have wifi i 'll try it out and let you know .
most places will not in my experience . if i am late for my yearly pap they will only give me a 1 month supply .
watch lion king again . it is a bunch of trite , simplistic bullshit with cheap shot tragedies . i think frozen is technically a better movie
and how 's that be a problem . let the fundies kill each other . would give us closeted atheist more breathing room .
how about drivers have some common sense and do n't run people over ?
that was my immediate thought as well .
there will be a cure , just in the same way cancer will be eradicated . brain research .
that would be the song shake it off .
i 've substituted a lot , completed my student teaching , taught kids bjj classes , and used to work with a science nerd summer camp . never been a full time classroom teacher though .
as an ass man that only makes it sound better .
as a former constantly drunk person , neither do i .
worse . it 's a joint - venture between abc , fox , nbc , cbs and disney .
i think bard will be permaban against him .
what would i do ? i ca n't say . but i 'd certainly deserve to get shit for it if i decided to sell others out for my own freedom .
